migrate  content from CHM (#2285)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: style-guide/summary.md

## Wording for specific types and members

The wording for Summary sections varies according to the type or member that you are documenting, as described in these topics:

- [Class Topics](#class-topics)
- [Constructor Topics](#constructor-topics)
- [Enum Topics](#enum-topics)
- [Event-related Topics](#event-related-topics)
- [Field Topics](#field-topics)
- [Abstract and Virtual Member Topics](#abstract-and-virtual-member-topics)
- [Method Topics](#method-topics)
- [Operator Topics](#operator-topics)
- [Property Topics](#property-topics)
- [Overloaded Member Topics](#overloaded-member-topics)

## Class Topics

The following table provides wording guidelines, boilerplate text, and examples of Summary sections in class topics. For event-related classes, such as **EventArgs** and event-handler delegates, see [Summary: Event-Related Topics](#event-related-topics).

| Item | Wording | Examples |
|------|---------|----------|

> | General class, interface, or structure | &lt;Begin with a present-tense third-person verb.&gt; | ***DataGrid****class summary:*<br />Displays XDO data in a scrollable grid.<br />***TimeSpan****structure summary*:<br />Represents a time interval. |

Reviewer: This was a problem in the original content. Would you mind adding the missing spaces here? e.g.

```suggestion
| General class, interface, or structure | &lt;Begin with a present-tense third-person verb.&gt; | ***DataGrid*** *class summary:*<br />Displays XDO data in a scrollable grid.<br />***TimeSpan*** *structure summary*:<br />Represents a time interval. |
```

| Explicit interface property implementation | &lt;Copy from the interface member if appropriate&gt; |

## Overloaded Member Topics

The following information provides guidelines for writing Summary sections for overloaded constructors, operators, and methods.

For overloaded members, docs.microsoft.com creates an overload list page with a general summary as well as individual pages for each overload. The overload list page provides a general summary that applies to all the overloads followed by a table with specific summaries for each overload. (For an example, see the <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.timespan.timespan.aspx" target="_blank" class="external" alt="">System.TimeSpan constructor list page</a>.) To write the general summary and the individual summaries, follow the guidelines in this section.

### General Summary for an Overloaded Member

> When a class explicitly defines multiple overloads, the first overload topic appears in docs.microsoft.com with the **Overload:** preface. This preface is required by the build tools; do not change or delete it. You must write the general summary broadly enough to apply to all the individual overloads. Follow the summary wording guidelines for the particular kind of member you are documenting (for more information, see the relevant subsection under <a href="efd07549-bbec-49ab-94a5-6b88f06f0a2e.htm">Summary Section</a>), and use text that is programming language-neutral. For an example, see the table in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a class explicitly defines multiple overloads, the first overload topic appears in docs.microsoft.com with the **Overload:** preface. This preface is required by the build tools; do not change or delete it. You must write the general summary broadly enough to apply to all the individual overloads. Follow the summary wording guidelines for the particular kind of member you are documenting (for more information, see the relevant subsection in this article), and use text that is programming language-neutral. For an example, see the table in the next section.
```

> ---

Reviewer: You can remove the metadata section.
